Refactor into a Role (#3)
openstack-k8s-operators/rhelai-validation: README.md

# rhelai-validation

## Running from a crc hypervisor node
Once the RHOSO + RHEL AI setup is complete, do the following:

1. Clone the repository
    ```
    git clone https://gitlab.cee.redhat.com/eng/openstack/team/ai-enablement/rhelai-validation.git
    cd rhelai-validation/
    ```

> 1. (Optional - see below) Create a credentials file for registry login (use a token, see https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/teamnado/wiki/brew_registry)

Reviewer: **suggestion (non-blocking):** Remove downstream specific link.

```suggestion
1. (Optional - see below) Create a credentials file for registry login using a token. You can generate one at [here](https://access.redhat.com/terms-based-registry/) after logging in.
```

Author: Thanks for that link, I didn't manage to find it the other day.

    If not providing registry credentials, you must disable model tests with `-e model_tests_enabled=false`

    creds.yaml
    ```
    model_download_registry_username: "|3c5aa7e0-9bb9...."
    model_download_registry_password: "eyJhbGciOiJSUzUxMiJ9...."
    ```

> 1. Run it (requires ansible-core>=2.15)

Reviewer: **suggestion (non-blocking):** We should add info that you have to be logged in to the OpenShift cluster

```
oc login ...
```

otherwise `oc rsh openstackclient` fails.

Author: Good catch! I will add this, thank you.
